
Phase 1:
    Super admin dashbaord in Manage Plan section in that If I am Click on the Create Plan button then showing the Form I have already created. your task is In the form section in that Feature Toggles section add the Free Trail select bar button If super admin can select the Free Trail then super admin can giving any Pricing This Pricing is strikethrough and showing the $0.00 in the loading Page in Pricing section and Resource Limits section in that add the day count input like Max Students. If Super admin can day count input give a 15 then If Any user can buy the plan then he can access only 15 days and after 15 days he can not access the plan. and If institute user can buy the Free Trail plan then he can access only 15 days and after 15 days he can not access the plan. and If insitute user and if he can upgrade the plan then he can access features according to his plan. 

Phase 2:
    If Institute user can use the start free trail plan then he can access features only 15 days and If he can reach the 15 days then showing msg and he cannot access any features. and if he can upgrade the plan then he can access features according to his plan. and If institute user can one time use the start free trail then he can not use the start free trail plan again this plan is hide for that institute user. and this institute user not showing Start free trail showing the Starter plan with original price $999, Growth plan price $1999, etc. and one more add this institute user can use the start free trail and he can reach the 14 day then one msg showing like your reach 90% like that you can think and showing the beautifull msg. and he can reach the 15 days then showing msg and he cannot access any features. and if he can upgrade the plan then he can access features according to his plan.